feat(vue,nuxt): Add Vue and Nuxt SDK docs (#1710)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/vue/use-auth.mdx

---
title: useAuth()
description: Access and manage authentication state in your Vue application with Clerk's useAuth() composable.
---

The `useAuth()` composable provides access to the current authentication state and methods to manage the active session in your Vue application.

## Returns

<Properties>
  - `isLoaded`
  - `Ref<boolean>`

  A boolean that indicates whether Clerk has completed initialization. Initially `false`, becomes `true` once Clerk loads.

  ---

  - `isSignedIn`
  - `Ref<boolean>`

  A boolean that indicates whether a user is currently signed in.

  ---

  - `userId`
  - `Ref<string>`

  The unique identifier of the current user.

  ---

  - `sessionId`
  - `Ref<string>`

  The unique identifier of the current session.

  ---

  - `orgId`
  - `Ref<string>`

  The unique identifier of the user's active organization.

  ---

  - `orgRole`
  - `Ref<string>`

  The current user's role in their active organization.

  ---

  - `orgSlug`
  - `Ref<string>`

  The URL-friendly identifier of the user's active organization.

  ---

  - `signOut()`
  - `Ref<(options?: SignOutOptions) => Promise<void>>`

>   A function that returns a promise that resolves when the current user is signed out. See the [reference doc](/docs/references/javascript/clerk/clerk#sign-out).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A function that signs out the current user. Returns a promise that resolves when complete. See the [reference doc](/docs/references/javascript/clerk/clerk#sign-out).
```
